Ricky's gonna go take a shower now we'll
be back at three and a half minutes
anyway the boys are not gonna do little
instrumental number for you and we work
real hard on it we hope it's shows ready
boy 1
what are you doing what are you doing
huh what are you doing taking gamma your
blue what are you what are you doing
ladies and gentlemen ladies and
gentlemen tonight bus to tonight tonight
is my best friend and professional
partners birthday that's my birthday
my birthday's in a month of October
thank you very much that's why it was a
surprise we'd like to get on with the
number this is your birthday and I want
to give you a president there's a lot to
do with this lousy number you've been
doing one well as a present I don't know
maybe I'm crazy maybe I'm too nice a guy
to you but I said you know I've been
listening this sentimental for too long
now and I say what it needs is words as
any instrumental needs thanks so you
wrote words my instrumental that's great
thank you it is a treat mr. uppity
Pipitea it's a treat for you and it's a
treat for me too because I decided to
dedicate these these words I wrote to
your instrumental to you that's all I
very much well I mean I just like to
take a little time to look at it before
we do it it is nothing to worry about I
mean it's got everything we ever wanted
to in a song I mean it's funny it's
serious
its domestic it it's and it tells a
story that the world has been longing to
hear
squiddy's wedding day yeah what else a
title like the rest of it is great too
well I'm not even trying
just just sing just seeing the carnage
as many that's all
when to a weapon that the city followed
and everybody came to stand was jumping
that's really good
thank you
look I want to know why I'm not at your
wedding
do you know for me I got I didn't buy
into a song you invited a Duke of Earl
happens to be a very important record
but he was running out of names and I
figured I didn't let him and he won't
show I just I just figured it may be you
know I was the best friend I could
probably you know how to be best man
here crazy we got mr. nfident it's a
talking horse that's a novelty number
why can't I be okay you want to know the
truth why yeah and I'll tell you why it
can't be in because you're not famous I
mean look at the people I got go on in
this wedding here Speedy Gonzales is
famous right great pretender famous
short fat Fanny practically a legend but
then it was nasty nothing nobody's well
okay maybe I'm maybe I'm not a household
word but nobody's ever heard of you
either what are you crazy read the title
of the song it's squiddy's wedding day
I'm the star the whole song I mean if it
wasn't for me these records would have
no place to hang out I just don't know
why I can't well could I can I sing a
little bit more of an attendant
let me just sing the harmony part yes I
hate harmony all it is is singing a
melody wrong please I mean it is my
birthday
right alright throw that up in my face
one two one